---
title: "Pithy Panda"
date: 2023-07-23 20:43:41 +0000
url: /2023/07/23/pithy-panda.html
---
I spent 30 days in June working on ROAST NOTES. I posted (nearly) daily updates. I got a lot of things working, and learned what it’d take to finish up the initial MVP. I learned a little bit more about how I’m interested in spending my time. After finishing the 30 day challenge, I took a step back. I faltered and languished. Summer things happened and I lost the momentum I’d started to build the month prior. But I did keep listening to my regular rotation of startup/side hustle related podcasts. One episode in particular struck a chord. 

---

Some of the first things I ran into when thinking about Earnestly was various success stories with people building drop shipping businesses. It seemed like something that’d be interesting to experiment with and learn about, and I spent a little time investigating some options but wasn’t able to find anything that really resonated with me. 

Until that aforementioned podcast episode.

Print on demand (POD) is a form of drop shipping. You setup a website/store, collect orders, and a third party prints the item(s) and delivers them to the customer.

Something about that podcast episode made me think … I could design some simple t-shirts, and try to sell them via a POD partner. But there was this little thing called ROAST NOTES that I needed to finish first - right?

I wavered for a bit on this point. It’s important to finish what you’ve started, and I’ve already [pivoted](https://earnestly.dev/2023/06/02/day-more-updates.html) once so it’d be bad form to pivot or pause again … or would it? 

---

In the end I decided a few things.

- This is my business/venture and I can do what I want to with it. There’s no boss to appease or board to convince that I should do something different.
- Whatever the specifics of what I’ll end up building, the overarching goal of the whole thing is to try to build small things. Even if they fail I’ll still learn something.
- In order for ROAST NOTES (or anything else) to succeed, I’m going to have to market/advertise it before anyone can find it. If I have to learn how to do this while also keeping it running, that might not be the most ideal use of my time.
- I think t-shirts are fun (I probably wear more t-shirts than any other type of shirt).

---

I’m pausing work on ROAST NOTES to work on [Pithy Panda](https://linkpop.com/pithypanda). The business part of selling POD t-shirts will require less manual work to keep things moving than ROAST NOTES would, freeing me to focus on learning how to build an audience/customer base. Those skills will be useful whenever I return to ROAST NOTES or try the next thing. 

---

What do you think? Should I have pushed ROAST NOTES across the finish line? Will it be harder than I think to sell POD t-shirts?