---
title: "30 Day Challenge: Final Reflection"
date: 2023-06-30 22:43:23 +0000
url: /2023/06/30/day-challenge-final.html
---
Day 30/30: Today marks the 30th and final day of this 30 day challenge. It’s been a good way to focus my time over the past month. Before waxing about what I’ve learned over the challenge, how far did the challenge get me? 

In short, if this was a single piece of software I was versioning, it’d get an *alpha* label at this point. Everything that I think is needed is there, but there’s a fair bit of testing that’s needed. In this case it’s largely integration testing - how do all of the individual parts play together? Does it make sense for me as the maintainer? Will it make sense to users?

In other words, not so bad Charlie Brown, not so bad. I’m happy with what the renewed focus has helped me accomplish.

---

What else have I learned? [Last time](https://earnestly.dev/2023/06/15/day-half-way.html) I wrote about 3 things that were more philosophical in nature:

1. Some Time is Better Than No Time
2. Consistency Builds Momentum
3. The Software Is Easy

As I reflect on the challenge as a whole, those things still stand, but the past week or so I feel like I’ve been learning more tactical/technical things. In no particular order:

- Airtable data modeling: I [realized](https://earnestly.dev/2023/06/20/day-its-possible.html) that I was overthinking things. Fortunately it wasn’t too far gone and I was able to straighten things out the [next day](https://earnestly.dev/2023/06/21/day-after-stepping.html). Lesson learned: keep it simple (and live within the constraints of the no-code tool).
- Make integrations: As a developer I’m intimately familiar with making REST API calls directly. I’ve been using [Make](https://www.make.com/) as the way to tie things together, and thanks to the collection of integrations they support, making a handful of API calls was as easy as dragging/dropping a few things in their scenario builder. After [finding](https://earnestly.dev/2023/06/27/days-ive-had.html) what ended up being a bug in the Shippo API I was able to dig deeper into some of those calls using some of their tooling to inspect the request/response objects.
- Shippo: After the aforementioned bug with the Shippo API, I had to do a little more digging/learning about how orders and shipments work in their system. Since I’m starting this out with a lot of manual processing, I don’t have a “store” to integrate with their system (and don’t want to use or build one). After digging around a bit I think I’ve got a handle on things. I’m going to live with the bug in their API (it’ll be fixed eventually) and just manually update the information that’s not making it through.
- USPS Shipping: This is still something I need to do a little more learning on, but as I get closer to launching this thing out there I’ve had to learn more about the ins and outs of USPS shipping rates. Coming up on my TODO list is probably a trip to my local post office to ask them a few questions to confirm what I’ve been reading.

---

When I [first officially started](https://earnestly.dev/2023/03/01/im-officially-kicking.html) Earnestly Developing there was still a part of me trying to figure out exactly what it is I want to do. I figured out enough to get started, but the end destination was still a little murky. It still is, but I’ve gained a little bit of clarity over the past week or so.

1. I’m more interested in building some small side hustles with passive income than building something with the intention of it becoming a full time thing. Of course if any of these take off unexpectedly I’m happy to revisit this :-) 
2. I’m more interested in “doing the work” than “writing about the work”. There’s a bit of tension held here, because “writing about the work” is the primary way I’m planning to help people find out about what I’m building. I don’t think I’m going to stop writing about it, but I’m going to try to shift (if even just mentally) where the balance is between the two.

---

So what does the next 30 days hold? Time will tell, but I won’t necessarily be posting daily updates as formally as I have been. I’m going to try to continue the momentum of making daily small steps, but might try to consolidate progress updates to once or twice a week. 

As far as what’s next for ROAST NOTES? Lots of that integration testing I mentioned up top. And marketing. Gotta figure out where the coffee roasting people are hanging out and how to let them know about this without being pushy/annoying about it.