---
title: "Hitting The Trail"
date: 2023-09-09 17:18:16 +0000
url: /2023/09/09/hitting-the-trail.html
---
The going has been slow, but I’m excited to announce the launch of [Hike TN](https://www.hiketn.us)! 

When I first started thinking about Earnestly and side projects/indie hacking/etc, one of the first ideas I initially settled on was a blog about hiking and backpacking in and around Tennessee. I did some research on blogging platforms, did some design work, researched other hiking and backpacking blogs, and in general decided it was an idea that had legs. Despite all that I decided to shelf the idea at the time. After going through a few other experiments that I’ve written about here (ROAST NOTES, Pithy Panda), I’m coming back to Hike TN.

At that initial moment of introspection I thought that the road to any sort of monetization with Hike TN was longer than I wanted. After the meandering journey of the past 9 months I’ve reconsidered that position. It’s true that I won’t be able to initially generate any money from Hike TN, but I think that’s less important than actually building something of value/interest. Hiking and backpacking in and around Tennessee is something I spend a lot of time thinking about and doing. In other words, the effort to convert some of my time into some useful/valuable content should be minimal. And in the process I’ll be able to practice/learn SEO and how to build an audience doing something that I’m interested in.

I’ve launched the site with several posts so that there’s something available in each of the categories that I’ll be writing about. I’ll be working to continue adding content to the site on a regular basis, and trying to crack the SEO code to get some people reading it. If you’re one of those people, you might want to start with [Hitting the trail](https://www.hiketn.us/hitting-the-trail/).